now French president Emanuel mcon is in
rala where he's meeting with the
Palestinian Authority president Mahmud
Abbas earlier he met Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in West
Jerusalem alaz H abdulhamid is in rala
in the occupied West Bank and she's been
covering this m abas meeting what do we
know about what was said and um whether
there was any agreement or whe what what
they might be working towards
H what we just actually listening to uh
Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas uh
sitting next to Emanuel maon uh that's
after their meeting that just appeared
on Palestinian TV now Mahmud Abbas uh
said that he had been warning for a long
time that there would be
ramification if there isn't a a
resolution to the Palestinian issue he
said that what he said all along that
there is no military and security uh
Solution by but it has to be a political
one that gives the Palestinians their
aspirations and then we heard from
Emanuel M uh who actually said that he
as he uh gave his condolences to the
people of Israel for those who died in
the Hamas attack he is also giving his
condolences uh to the people of uh Gaza
for all the for all their relatives who
have died so far uh in the ongoing uh
bombardment of this trip and he also
sent his best wishes to the injured but
beyond that Manuel mcon kind of um
repeated what he said when he was next
to Benjamin Netanyahu that he proposes
an international coalition to fight
Hamas uh in his view to Hamas being a
terrorist
organization uh that won't BW well for
many people in around uh many
Palestinians who look at Hamas as a
resistance movement uh regardless of
what has been been unfolding over the
past uh 3 weeks uh Emmanuel mcon also
said that there is need for a political
uh solution to go back to get back on
the political track which has been uh
all but elusive I would say since back
in
2014 and then uh if you recall during
the um Trump Administration uh when the
US Embassy moved from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem all contacts between the
Palestinian Authority
and the US had stopped that has picked
up again now uh under the Biden
Administration but from there to be able
to have actually a political solution
that would include Israel I think
there's still need for a lot of
negotiations and and not of behind
closed doors uh talks but Mahmud abz
does agree that there is Need for
political solution Huda we're also
hearing about the death of a second
Palestinian prisoner in Israeli custody
what do you know know about
that well yes that's from the uh
Palestinian prisoner Society that's the
second de a Palestinian dete to die in
as many days in an Israeli jail this one
is a young uh
25-year-old a man uh we uh who was held
uh in an Israeli jail and we presume
that he was held inside Israel um now
the Palestinian uh Society for prisoners
is saying that they are they're claiming
that Israel is carrying on a targeting
assassination campaign against Deton
inside their uh jails that's the claim
they had got we have uh we can't really
elaborate more on that but I can tell
you that on social media there is a lot
of uh different calls there's a lot of
De dehumanization of Palestinians
there's actually calls also to go after
certain Palestinians uh religious
leaders uh political activists
journalists um there is call for that so
certainly that is spreading a lot of
fear among uh Palestinians who have been
worried about the conditions inside the
jails about of the detes uh many
families saying they hadn't been in
contact since October 7th others saying
that they had received information that
the conditions have uh uh deteriorated
and that basically uh there's a Revenge
coming caign against those dayes that is
happening at the moment at outside of
the prison people Palestinians are
afraid pans are afraid that they will be
targeted in these sort of individual
attacks thank you very much Hoda this is
something that you've been reporting us
reporting on and telling us about with
your uh in your various reports bringing
us the voices of the Palestinians in the
occupied West Bank that's aljaz HUD
Abdul Hamid reporting from romala there